WHAT IS A SERVER?
    Server is a computer program (virtual machine) or a device (physical machine) that provide services to another computer program running on either the same or a different system.
    A physical server is a physical machine that a server software runs on. A virtual server is a virtual representation of a physical server.
    A server esssentially consists of 2 software components: an operating system and an application. The server operating system acts as a platform for running the server application. The server operating system provides the server application with the access to the underlying hardware resources and the dependency services that the application needs. The operating system also provides the means for clients to communicate with the server application. The server application enables the server to do its job.
    In the client/server programming model, a server program awaits and fulfills requests from a client program.
    An application can be a client with requests for another server program or a server with services to another client program.

WHAT IS A WEB SERVER?
    A website is made of multiple files which need an either physical or virtual space to live.
    A web server is a website hosting server that has 2 main jobs:
        - acts as a storage unit and hosts the component files of a website
        - awaits and fulfills requests sent through a web browser

HOW DOES A WEBSITE WORK?
  When a user types a URL in the web browser’s address bar, their computer sends a request to connect to the web server that hosts the website's files linked with the URL. 
  The URL contains the domain name of the website the user is searching for, which corresponds to the IP address of the web server that hosts it.
  On the way to the web server, the request passes through the DNS, which looks up for the corresponding IP address. The DNS ensures that the browser connects to the correct server.
  When the web server receives the request, it checks whether the requested URL matches any existing file. If matching, it will process and returns the requested files. If not, it will return an error page.
  The web browser ‘reads’ those files and displays them on the user’s screen.

HOW DOES A WEB SERVER WORK?
    When a user types in an URL, the web browser divides the URL into 3 parts, each has a different responsibility in interacting with the web server.
    I. Hypertext Transfer Protocol (http):
        HTTP, stands for Hypertext Transfer Protocol, is the language web browsers and web servers use to communicate. 
        The web browser delivers an HTTP request from the user to a web server, and the web server transfers the hypertext containning the to the user’s web browser.
    II. Server Name (www.thewebsite.com):
        This part contains the domain name of the website the user is searching for. The DNS will translate it to the corresponding IP address of the web server that hosts the website. 
        When the web server receives the request, it will process and returns the requested files.
        The web browser ‘reads’ those files and displays them on the user’s screen.
    III. File Name (web-server.htm)
        The web server stores all of the data files related to each unique domain name of a website.
        The file name specifies the specific file of the website the user is looking for.